---
announced: July 1, 2008
fixed_in:
- Firefox 2.0.0.15
- Thunderbird 2.0.0.16
- SeaMonkey 1.1.10
impact: Moderate
reporter: John G. Myers
title: Peer-trusted certs can use alt names to spoof
---

<h3>Description</h3>

<p>Mozilla developer <strong>John G. Myers</strong> reported a weakness in
the trust model used by Mozilla regarding alternate names on self-signed
certificates (and those with mismatched names) that if accepted could
be used to spoof a secure connection to any other site. This problem was
independently reported by <strong>Frank Benkstein</strong> and
<strong>Nils Toedtmann</strong>.</p>

<p>In Firefox 2 and earlier Mozilla-based browsers, when a user encounters a
site with a self-signed certificate or one whose name does not exactly match
the name in the certificate an error dialog is presented that allows the user
to reject the certificate, or accept it as valid and access the site.
There was no concept of partial trust, accepting the certificate as valid
marked it as trusted for all information it contained, including alternate
site names. These alternate names could be viewed as part of the certificate
details, but since they were not present on the initial dialog many users
could be fooled into accepting a certificate for a site they didn't care about
(but wanted to see) that also asserted that it was a certificate for your bank
or prominent online shop. Once accepted this certificate could be used to
spoof that site or perform a Man-in-the-Middle attack.</p>

<p>The dialog has been changed in Firefox 2.0.0.15 to list the alternate
names and users should not accept certificates that claim an unreasonable
set of alternate names. Certificate handling in Firefox 3 is quite different
and it was not susceptible to this vulnerability. In Firefox 3 there is no
dialog to accept self-signed certificates, and when users do choose to make
an exception to the SSL security model the certificate is only trusted
for that one listed exception, not for any other site.</p>


<h3>References</h3>

<ul>
  <li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=240261">https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=240261</a></li>
  <li><a class="ex-ref" href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-2809">CVE-2008-2809</a></li>

</ul>



