---
announced: June 1, 2006
fixed_in:
- Firefox 1.5.0.4
- Thunderbird 1.5.0.4
- SeaMonkey 1.0.2
impact: High
reporter: Kazuho Oku (Cybozu Labs)
title: HTTP response smuggling
---

<h3>Description</h3>

<p>Kazuho Oku of Cybozu Labs reports via the Information-technology Promotion
Agency, Japan, that Firefox is vulnerable to HTTP response smuggling when
used with certain proxy servers.</p>

<p>The first technique takes advantage of Mozilla's lenient handling
of HTTP header syntax which was necessary in the past to cope with various
real-world servers. One aspect was to accept HTTP headers with space
characters between the header name and the colon. A modern proxy with strict
syntax checking would ignore these as invalid headers while Mozilla
clients might accept them and interpret one long response as two shorter
responses. If a page on the malicious host can make Firefox issue two
requests in succession, one to the malicious host and one to the victim
site, the second part of the response from the malicious site could
be interpreted as the response from the victim site. The content of
that response could be a web page that could steal login cookies or
other sensitive data if the user has an account at the victim site.</p>

<p>A second variant accomplishes the same thing by sending HTTP 1.1
headers through an HTTP 1.0 proxy such as the popular Squid. The proxy
will ignore the unknown 1.1 header (such as "Transfer-Encoding: chunked")
while Mozilla-based clients will accept them and again can be made to
interpret one long request as two shorter ones.</p>

<p>If the user is not browsing through a proxy the same attacks
can still be mounted but would be effective only if the malicious
site were at the same IP address as the victim site.</p>

<p class="note">Thunderbird shares the browser engine with Firefox
and could be vulnerable if JavaScript were to be enabled in mail. This is not
the default setting and we strongly discourage users from running
JavaScript in mail. Thunderbird users are extremely unlikely to have logged
into a website using their mail client further reducing the risk from
this vulnerability.</p>

<h3>Workaround</h3>

<p>Upgrade to a fixed version.</p>

<h3>References</h3>

<ul>
<li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=329746">
https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=329746</a></li>
<li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=330214">
https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=330214</a></li>
<li>
<a class="ex-ref" href="http://www.cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2006-2786">CVE-2006-2786</a></li>
</ul>



