---
announced: April 13, 2006
fixed_in:
- Firefox 1.5
- Firefox 1.0.8
- SeaMonkey 1.0
- Mozilla Suite 1.7.13
impact: Moderate
reporter: Michael Krax
title: Downloading executables with "Save Image As..."
---

<h3>Description</h3>

<p>By layering a transparent image link to an executable on top of a
visible (and presumably desirable) image
a malicious site might be able to convince some visitors to
right-click and choose "Save image as..." from the context menu
and fool them by giving them the executable instead. When the users
later double-click on the saved "image" to view or edit it
the attacker's malware would be run.</p>

<p>The attacker could put a lot of spaces before the extension to hide it
by pushing it out of the standard file-saving dialog, and once downloaded
the default Windows behavior of hiding the extension could make a filename
such as "bikini.jpg        .exe"
look like a legitimate image. The attacker
could further this illusion by embedding a common image icon into
the executable.</p>

<h3>Workaround</h3>

<p>Check the filename carefully on the save dialog and do not save
files unless everything is as you expected. On Windows the highlighting
of the filename should stop where you think the filename ends; if the
highlighting fills the entire filename box use the arrow keys to scroll.
The "Save as type" drop-down should say the appropriate image type and not
"Application".</p>

<p>Windows users should modify their system preferences to show file extensions.</p>

<h3>References</h3>

<ul>
<li>
<a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=293527">
https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=293527</a><br/>
CVE-2006-1736</li>
</ul>



