announced: July 25, 2006
fixed_in: SeaMonkey 1.0.3
          Firefox 1.5.0.5
          Thunderbird 1.5.0.5
impact: Moderate
mfsa_id: 2006-53
products: Firefox, Thunderbird, SeaMonkey
reporter: shutdown
title: UniversalBrowserRead privilege escalation

<h3>Description</h3>

<p>shutdown reports that scripts granted the UniversalBrowserRead privilege
can leverage that into the equivalent of the far more powerful
UniversalXPConnect since they are allowed to "read" into a privileged
context. This allows the attacker the ability to run scripts with the
full privelege of the user running the browser, possibly installing
malware or snooping on private data. This has been fixed so that
UniversalBrowserRead and UniversalBrowserWrite are limited to
reading from and writing into only normally-privileged browser
windows and frames.</p>

<p class="note">Thunderbird shares the browser engine with Firefox
and would be vulnerable if JavaScript were to be enabled in mail. This is not
the default setting and we strongly discourage users from enabling
JavaScript in mail.</p>

<h3>Workaround</h3>

<p>UniversalBrowserRead privileges should not be granted to sites found on the
internet. Even after fixing this vulnerability that permission by design
allows the privileged script to read potentially sensitive data from any
other site it wishes, including those it opens without your knowledge
(in a hidden frame, for example). You should grant enhanced privileges
<em>only</em> when a trusted system administrator tells you that it is
safe to do so.</p>

<h3>References</h3>

<ul>
<li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=340107">
https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=340107</a><br/>
CVE-2006-3809</li>
</ul>



