title: MFSA 2008-01: Crashes with evidence of memory corruption (rv:1.8.1.12)

<h1>Mozilla Foundation Security Advisory 2008-01</h1>

<p>
<span class="label">Title:</span>      Crashes with evidence of memory corruption (rv:1.8.1.12)<br/>
<span class="label">Impact:</span>     Critical<br/>
<span class="label">Announced:</span>  February 7, 2008<br/>
<span class="label">Reporter:</span>   Mozilla developers and community<br/>
<span class="label">Products:</span>   Firefox, Thunderbird, SeaMonkey<br/>
<br/>
<span class="label">Fixed in:</span>   Firefox 2.0.0.12<br/>
<span class="label">&#160;</span>      Thunderbird 2.0.0.12<br/>
<span class="label">&#160;</span>      SeaMonkey 1.1.8<br/>
</p>


<h3>Description</h3>

<p>Mozilla developers identified and fixed several stability bugs in
the browser engine used in Firefox 2.0.0.12 and other Mozilla-based
products. Some of these crashes
showed evidence of memory corruption under certain circumstances and we
presume that with enough effort at least some of these could be exploited
to run arbitrary code.</p>

<p class="note">Thunderbird shares the browser engine with Firefox and could
be vulnerable if JavaScript were to be enabled in mail. This is not the default
setting and we strongly discourage users from running JavaScript in mail.
Without further investigation we cannot rule out the possibility that for some
of these an attacker might be able to prepare memory for exploitation through
some means other than JavaScript such as large images.</p>

<h3>Workaround</h3>

<p>Disable JavaScript until a version containing these fixes can be installed.</p>

<h3>References</h3>

<p>Jesse Ruderman, Kai Engert, Martijn Wargers, Mats Palmgren, and Paul Nickerson reported crashes in the browser engine.</p>
<ul>
  <li><a class="ex-ref" href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-0412">CVE-2008-0412</a></li>

  <li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?bug_id=398088,393141,364801,346405,396613,394337,406290">Browser crashes</a></li>

</ul>

<p>Carsten Book, Wesley Garland, Igor Bukanov, moz_bug_r_a4, shutdown, Philip Taylor, and tgirmann reported crashes in the JavaScript engine.</p>
<ul>
  <li><a class="ex-ref" href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-0413">CVE-2008-0413</a></li>

  <li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?bug_id=407720,390597,373344,398085,406572,406036,402087">JavaScript engine crashes</a></li>

</ul>



