announced: March 25, 2008
fixed_in: SeaMonkey 1.1.8
          Firefox 2.0.0.12
          Thunderbird 2.0.0.12
impact: Moderate
mfsa_id: 2008-13
page_title: MFSA 2008-13: Multiple XSS vulnerabilities from character encoding
products: Firefox, Thunderbird, SeaMonkey
reporter: Alexey Proskuryakov, Yosuke Hasegawa, Simon Montagu
title: Multiple XSS vulnerabilities from character encoding

<h3>Description</h3>

<p>WebKit developer <strong>Alexey Proskuryakov</strong> reported that 
the Mozilla HTML parser treated the backspace character as whitespace
contrary to the HTML specification and different from other browsers.
This difference might lead to Cross-site Scripting (XSS) risks on sites
which filtered input in accordance with the specification.</p>

<p><strong>Yosuke Hasegawa</strong> reported a flaw in the way Mozilla
parses the control character 0x80 under Shift_JIS encoding. This flaw could
potentially be used to evade web-site input filters and result in a XSS
attack hazard. While investigating, Mozilla developer <strong>Simon
Montagu</strong> discovered several variants of this flaw involving zero-length
non-ASCII sequences in ISO-2022-JP, ISO-2022-CN, ISO-2022-KR, and HZ-GB-2312.
</p>

<p class="note">These flaws were fixed in and prior to Firefox 2.0.0.12
but the announcement was held until other browser vendors could fix related
flaws.</p>

<h3>Workaround</h3>

<p>Disable JavaScript until a version containing these fixes can be installed.
Although the flaw is in the parser, the main risk is using these flaws to
construct a XSS attack which requires scripting to be enabled.</p>

<h3>References</h3>

<ul>
  <li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?bug_id=404252,381412,407161">
       Character encoding XSS bugs</a></li>
  <li><a class="ex-ref" href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-0416">
       CVE-2008-0416</a></li>
</ul>



