announced: July 1, 2008
fixed_in: SeaMonkey 1.1.10
          Firefox 3.0
          Firefox 2.0.0.15
          Thunderbird 2.0.0.16
impact: Critical
mfsa_id: 2008-21
page_title: MFSA 2008-21: Crashes with evidence of memory corruption (rv:1.8.1.15)
products: Firefox, Thunderbird, SeaMonkey
reporter: Mozilla developers and community
title: Crashes with evidence of memory corruption (rv:1.8.1.15)

<h3>Description</h3>

<p>Mozilla developers identified and fixed several stability bugs in the
browser engine used in Firefox and other Mozilla-based products. Some of
these crashes showed evidence of memory corruption under certain
circumstances and we presume that with enough effort at least some of these
could be exploited to run arbitrary code.</p>

<p class="note">Thunderbird shares the browser engine with Firefox and could
be vulnerable if JavaScript were to be enabled in mail. This is not the
default setting and we strongly discourage users from running JavaScript in
mail. Without further investigation we cannot rule out the possibility that
for some of these an attacker might be able to prepare memory for exploitation
through some means other than JavaScript such as large images.</p>

<h3>Workaround</h3>

<p>Disable JavaScript until a version containing these fixes can be installed.</p>

<h3>References</h3>

<p>Devon Hubbard, Jesse Ruderman, and Martijn Wargers reported crashes in the layout engine.</p>
<ul>
  <li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?bug_id=378027,391178,430814">layout engine crashes</a></li>
  <li><a class="ex-ref" href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-2798">CVE-2008-2798</a></li>
</ul>

<p>Igor Bukanov, Jesse Ruderman and Gary Kwong reported crashes in the JavaScript engine.</p>
<ul>
  <li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?bug_id=418128,431409,380833,356378">JavaScript engine crashes</a></li>
  <li><a class="ex-ref" href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-2799">CVE-2008-2799</a></li>
</ul>



