title: MFSA 2008-61: Information stealing via loadBindingDocument

<h1>Mozilla Foundation Security Advisory 2008-61</h1>

<p>
<span class="label">Title:</span>      Information stealing via loadBindingDocument<br/>
<span class="label">Impact:</span>     Moderate<br/>
<span class="label">Announced:</span>  December 16, 2008<br/>
<span class="label">Reporter:</span>   Boris Zbarsky<br/>
<span class="label">Products:</span>   Firefox, Thunderbird, SeaMonkey<br/>
<br/>
<span class="label">Fixed in:</span>   Firefox 2.0.0.19<br/>
<span class="label">&#160;</span>      Thunderbird 2.0.0.19<br/>
<span class="label">&#160;</span>      SeaMonkey 1.1.14<br/>
</p>


<h3>Description</h3>

<p>Mozilla developer <strong>Boris Zbarsky</strong> reported that XBL
   bindings could be used to read data from other domains, a violation
   of the same-origin policy.  The severity of this issue was determined
   to be moderate due to several mitigating factors:</p>
<ol>
  <li>The target document requires a <code>&lt;bindings&gt;</code>
       element in the XBL namespace in order to be read.</li>
  <li>The reader of the data needs to know the <code>id</code> attribute
      of the binding being read in advance.</li>
  <li>It is unlikely that web services will expose private data in the
       manner described above.</li>
</ol>

<p class="note">Firefox 3 is not affected by this issue.</p>

<p class="note">Thunderbird shares the browser engine with Firefox and
could be vulnerable if JavaScript were to be enabled in mail. This is
not the default setting and we strongly discourage users from running
JavaScript in mail.</p>

<h3>Workaround</h3>

<p>Products built from the Mozilla 1.9.0 branch and later, Firefox 3
for example, are not affected by this issue.  Upgrading to one of
these products is a reliable workaround for this particular issue and
it is also Mozilla's recommendation that the most current version of
any Mozilla product be used.  Alternatively, you can disable
JavaScript until a version containing these fixes can be
installed.</p>

<h3>References</h3>

<ul>
  <li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=379959">https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=379959</a></li>
  <li><a class="ex-ref" href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-5503">CVE-2008-5503</a></li>
</ul>



