title: MFSA 2006-51: Privilege escalation using named-functions and redefined "new Object()"

<h1>Mozilla Foundation Security Advisory 2006-51</h1>

<p><span class="label">Title:</span>      Privilege escalation using named-functions and redefined "new Object()"<br/>
<span class="label">Impact:</span>     Critical<br/>
<span class="label">Announced:</span>  July 25, 2006<br/>
<span class="label">Reporter:</span>   moz_bug_r_a4<br/>
<span class="label">Products:</span>   Firefox, Thunderbird, SeaMonkey<br/>
<br/>
<span class="label">Fixed in:</span>   Firefox 1.5.0.5<br/>
<span class="label">&#160;</span>      Thunderbird 1.5.0.5<br/>
<span class="label">&#160;</span>      SeaMonkey 1.0.3</p>

<h3>Description</h3>

<p>moz_bug_r_a4 discovered that named JavaScript functions have a parent object
created using the standard Object() constructor (ECMA-specified behavior)
and that this constructor can be redefined by script (also ECMA-specified
behavior). If the Object() constructor is changed to return a reference
to a privileged object with useful properties it is possible to have
attacker-supplied script excuted with elevated privileges by calling
the function. This could be used to install malware or take other malicious 
actions.</p>

<p>Our fix involves calling the internal Object constructor which
appears to be what other ECMA-compatible interpreters do.</p>

<p class="note">Thunderbird shares the browser engine with Firefox
and would be vulnerable if JavaScript were to be enabled in mail. This is not
the default setting and we strongly discourage users from enabling
JavaScript in mail.</p>

<h3>Workaround</h3>

<p>Disable JavaScript until you can upgrade to a fixed version. Do not enable
JavaScript in mail clients such as Thunderbird.</p>

<h3>References</h3>

<ul>
<li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=340727">
https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=340727</a><br/>
CVE-2006-3807</li>
</ul>



