title: MFSA 2006-58: Auto-Update compromise through DNS and SSL spoofing

<h1>Mozilla Foundation Security Advisory 2006-58</h1>

<p><span class="label">Title:</span>      Auto-update compromise through DNS and SSL spoofing<br/>
<span class="label">Impact:</span>     Moderate<br/>
<span class="label">Announced:</span>  September 14, 2006<br/>
<span class="label">Reporter:</span>   Jon Oberheide<br/>
<span class="label">Products:</span>   Firefox, Thunderbird<br/>
<br/>
<span class="label">Fixed in:</span>   Firefox 1.5.0.7<br/>
<span class="label">&#160;</span>      Thunderbird 1.5.0.7</p>

<h3>Description</h3>

<p>The Firefox and Thunderbird auto-update mechanism protects itself against
DNS spoofing using SSL; only a site presenting a valid certificate
for aus2.mozilla.org will be trusted as a source of update information.
Jon Oberheide points out, however, that many users accept unverifiable
self-signed certificates without much thought on "low value" sites,
and this could be used as the basis of an attack on the update system.</p>

<p>The attacker would have to be in a position to spoof the victim's
DNS, causing them to connect to sites of the attacker's choosing
rather than the sites intended by the victim. If they gained that
control and the victim accepted the attacker's cert for the Mozilla
update site, then the next update check could be
hijacked and redirected to the attacker's site without detection.
The attacker could then send an "update" that consisted of whatever
programs they wished.</p>

<h3>Workaround</h3>

<p>Do not accept unverifiable (often self-signed) certificates as valid.
If you must, accept them for the session only, never permanently. If you
have approved such a certificate during that session exit the client
completely and restart before checking for or accepting automatic updates.</p>

<h3>References</h3>

<ul>
<li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=340198">
https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=340198</a><br/>
CVE-2006-4567</li>
</ul>



