---
announced: October 18, 2007
fixed_in:
- Firefox 2.0.0.8
- Thunderbird 2.0.0.9
- Thunderbird 1.5.0.14
- SeaMonkey 1.1.5
impact: Critical
mfsa_id: 2007-29
reporter: Mozilla developers and community
title: Crashes with evidence of memory corruption (rv:1.8.1.8)
---

<h3>Description</h3>

<p>As part of the Firefox 2.0.0.8 update releases Mozilla developers fixed
many bugs to improve the stability of the product. Some of these crashes
showed evidence of memory corruption under certain circumstances and we
presume that with enough effort at least some of these could be exploited
to run arbitrary code.</p>

<p class="note">Thunderbird shares the browser engine with Firefox and could
be vulnerable if JavaScript were to be enabled in mail. This is not the default
setting and we strongly discourage users from running JavaScript in mail.
Without further investigation we cannot rule out the possibility that for some
of these an attacker might be able to prepare memory for exploitation through
some means other than JavaScript such as large images.</p>

<p><strong>Update</strong> (December 19, 2007): Some of these bugs
were patched in Thunderbird 1.5.0.14, please see the links below.
For complete protection please upgrade to the latest version of
Thunderbird 2 and do not enable JavaScript in mail.</p>


<h3>Workaround</h3>

<p>Disable JavaScript until a version containing these fixes can be installed.
</p>


<h3>References</h3>

<p>L. David Baron, Boris Zbarsky, Georgi Guninski, Paul Nickerson, Olli Pettay,
Jesse Ruderman, Vladimir Sukhoy, Daniel Veditz, and Martijn Wargers
reported crashes in the browser engine.</p>
<ul>
  <li><a class="ex-ref" href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-5339">
       CVE-2007-5339</a></li>

  <li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?bug_id=309322,330563,341858,344064,348126,354645,361745,362901,378670,379799,382376,384105,386914,387033,387460,387844,391974,392285,393770,394014,394418">
        Browser crashes</a></li>
</ul>

<p>Igor Bukanov, Eli Friedman, and Jesse Ruderman reported crashes
in the JavaScript engine.</p>
<ul>
  <li><a class="ex-ref" href="http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-5340">
       CVE-2007-5340</a></li>

  <li><a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?bug_id=372309,387955,390078,393537">
       JavaScript engine crashes</a></li>
</ul>



